How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

	It helped me to find quicker where would be a posible mistake. I could find the bug qiucker due to dhe diff command.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I could write the command lines faster.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    So that the programmer would have it easier to control different versions of the same project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because I can go back to the old version whenever I want.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Yes.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	You can go back and fix any decision you repend taking , even findin out which ose the desicion and the line that messed up th programm.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	
	You dont have lots of commits that maybe you won't need most of them.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Because there might be a connection between those files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?


